Congratulations.
You've reached the end of this lesson on Explanatory Visualizations.
In this lesson, you learned about how to go from
exploratory visualizations used to discover insights for yourself
to explanatory visualizations used to communicate those insights to others.
You reviewed elements to polish your plot, including good design,
proper plot and encoding choices,
and good labeling and plot context.
You saw how to present your findings using a slide deck
and how to use feedback to improve your visualizations.
Explanatory Visualizations are a key component of
your communication at the end of an analysis project.
The saying that a picture is worth a thousand words is apt here.
Better than text alone, a good explanatory visualization
will help you convey your findings and impress your audience,
be it a friend, boss, or the world.